Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, hello there.
Hi.
Trisha G: Are you okay, I'm calling late, but I'm also in I'm here at the plasma center. I'm in line to donate because I need money to pay a bill so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's all right. We only
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's okay, we only have like 15 minutes. Anyways, so how are you doing
Trisha G: Okay, everything's better. So I have the unexpected expenses as much
Trisha G: So I thought, well, I'll come down here to get $50 for this and
Trisha G: I don't really like doing this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Trisha G: I don't have a choice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Understandable. I mean we do what we have to do to survive. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you been feeling
Trisha G: I'm feeling good and everything else, are things you know
Trisha G: We're pretty good.
Trisha G: I still like she increased my thing. When we talked about it before. Yeah.
Trisha G: It's helped. It's still not like
Trisha G: I don't know handling it really, I don't know, it's just like, I think I still need more of it.
Trisha G: I don't know if they'll do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When do you see her again.
Trisha G: I'm not till next Tuesday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and you're working with Dr groves right
Trisha G: Now, Dr Kindle.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, Dr Kindle. OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can definitely put an email out to her and let her know okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you're in a public place so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As far as cravings. Can you just tell me between zero and 10
Trisha G: Well, like it's from round seven, I'd say.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And depression and anxiety.
Trisha G: Yeah, I've had a lot of that.
Trisha G: I don't know. It's not as bad as it was so she increased it is. I still
Trisha G: Have some
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is there a better time that you can meet with me, where you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Going to be able to be in private.
Trisha G: Yeah.
Trisha G: The tomorrow be all right, or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me see tomorrow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The middle like really fast and see if I gotta
Trisha G: Let me know what you have open and then
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, let me see.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: open all the way
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I the only thing that I have available. I have a 10 O'CLOCK TOMORROW.
10 and the more
Trisha G: That would be fun.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so let's um let's just read
Trisha G: My phone right
Trisha G: Yeah, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Does that work.
Trisha G: Yeah, that'd be fine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so let's get together tomorrow when you can talk privately and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So 10 o'clock. My time 11 o'clock. Your time tomorrow.
Trisha G: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. Thank you. Okay.
Trisha G: tomorrow. Bye.
Bye.